Speed up CI by caching dependencies and virtual environment (#606)
mllam/neural-lam: CHANGELOG.md

- Initialize `da_forcing_mean` and `da_forcing_std` to `None` when forcing data is absent, fixing `AttributeError` in `WeatherDataset` with `standardize=True` [\#369](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/issues/369) @Sir-Sloth-The-Lazy

### Maintenance

> - Add two-layer caching to install-and-test CI workflow (pip download cache + uv venv cache) to reduce build times by 80-95% [\#605](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/3605) @Sharkyii

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add two-layer caching to install-and-test CI workflow (pip download cache + uv venv cache) to reduce build times by 80-95% [\#606](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/606) @Sharkyii
```

should be 606 for PR right and not 605 or 3605(which doesn't exist )

Author: My bad, didn't saw it..
